Adding MoneyColumn to render currency based (#235)
omines/datatables-bundle: docs/source/index.html.md

falseValue | string | Raw string to use for false-ish values. Default `false`.
nullValue | string | Raw string to use for null values. Default `null`.

## MoneyColumn

```php?start_inline=1
$table->add('price', MoneyColumn::class, ['currency' => 'EUR', 'divisor'=>100]);
```

> Money columns render a numeric values in currency format. It is adle to render decimal values as well as values stored in ingeger with some disisor (i.e. 1550 for €15.50). MoneyColumn uses applicationwide locale settings. It means that default formatting will be the same as Twig's and Forms money/currency formatting. 

Reviewer: Typos

```suggestion
Money columns render a numeric values in currency format. It is able to render decimal values as well as values stored in integer with some divisor (i.e. 1550 for €15.50). MoneyColumn uses application wide locale settings. It means that default formatting will be the same as Twig's and Forms money/currency formatting. 
```

Option | Type | Description
------ | ---- | -----------
currency | string | 3-letter ISO 4217 currency code. If empty column values will be formatted as money but without currency signs.

> scale | int | Defines numder of decimal places. Defaults to 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scale | int | Defines number of decimal places. Defaults to 2.
```
